The Player Manager bugs

FF= fixed bug


7: Players you own/buy don`t have any previous playing experience.
8: Cup games with really high scores
13: When you`re chasing a CPU play who has the ball, he seems to have a box around him that you can`t enter ( get close to )
15: Shadow of ball on wet ( dark ) pitch is hard to see ( it`s green )
17: No header noise.
18: Keeper never throws the ball out.
19: Reserves ( players that make up your team when you don`t have enough ) Their names aren`t initialised.
for example b.babb instead of B.Babb ( it`s Babb in the names file ) 
22: Animation glitch on player goal celebration. 
23: No dribble sounds.
24: on Mac fn F1 doesn't go full screen, fullscreen works on action game only
25: on mac main menu and "about" option say: "MonkeyGame Vesion 1.0 (1)" instead "The Player Manager 2015 v0.6"
26: When you introduce a sub, his name is all in CAPS.
27: It seem's computer forgot my "sub" request because a goal was scored inbetween. After that the request was deleted.
28: After a substitution request, the computer wait that the ball go out to let proceed the substitution. But normally a foul is a game interruption, and the substitution should be possible at this moment.
29: Strange bug: today starting a game: at the start whistle a change request was directly displayed. Surprise: the computer asked me to change an adverse player !!??
30: In the original version, in the player stats, we can see the stats of the last season (games, goals...) is it correct ?
31: computer forgot my "sub" request because a goal was scored inbetween. After that the request was deleted.
32: After a substitution request, the computer wait that the ball go out to let proceed the substitution. But normally a foul is a game interruption, and the substitution should be possible at this moment.
33: today starting a game: at the start whistle a change request was directly displayed. Surprise: the computer asked me to change an adverse player !!??
34: It seems's that the goals scored in cup are added to the league scorers table. Is it right ?
35: I think, in the original version, in the player stats, we can see the stats of the last season (games, goals...) is it correct ?

FF: Player stats ( what is a.r )
FF: You cannot do a standing header, it jumps in the direction the player is facing.
FF: 3: should be week 3
FF: 3a should be 3rd
FF: Windows pointer on top of PM ball
FF: Playing on fast/normal - ball noises missing
FF: Sounds are cut short
FF: Keeper holds a white ball
FF: Playing in position _ you can run way off the pitch.
FF: Heading bug, when the ball is in the air and you jump them change direction ready for the player to make contact. It doesn`t recognise the change in joytick direction.
FF: Sometimes after touch doesn`t work.
FF: When you score the ball goes in the back of the net and looks correct. When you watch a replay the ball seems to sit on top of the net.
FF: After a sub there was hardly any kick sounds at all.
FF: Missing goal celebrations. 
